I have a S8+. got tired of using a tall phone. wanted a phone that's not wider than that. Both S8+ and Moto X4 has the same width. But it is much easier to use the Moto one handed. the performance of the phone is actually faster in day to day use than my S8+ with snapdragon 835. maybe when I am editing a video, it takes tiny bit more to export the video. Screen brightness is good. Samsung is higher but you won't notice it inside as I use in half brightness. The speaker is also the earpiece are the same. The quality is really good and loud. the only complain I have is while it is very loud for some video it is not for others. I wish there was a feature to amplifier of sorts to bring low sounds up to the level of this speaker.
I had a Galaxy note 5 and been using the S8+ for almost 9 months. I can honestly tell you that I don't miss a thing.
The camera performance is good. It perhaps wasn't as good the S8+ but I downloaded the Google Cam app and the camera is better than the Sammy now. it is amazing what a software can do to a capable hardware.
Don't waste any money on expensive phones. I did and got my lesson. the whole commerce business is selling people more and more every year a new phone when a $250 phone actually does the same as $700 one.
It is a little slippery so I put a Spigen case on it. but only use it when going out. Don't hesitate to buy.

It is fast and the screen is crisp. The cameras are better than the Samsung S4 it replaced for me. I had no trouble getting it connected to Page Plus (which uses Verizon Towers). Everything seems to work. I really like the gesture system they have for the fingerprint reader.
Now the less good things. It is shaped and textured like a bar of soap so that is almost impossible to hold on to without a case. It is so slippery, I doubt it would last a week in even the most careful hands without a protective case. Compared to my Samsung S4 the speaker is tinny and not very loud. At max volume the audio quality degrades a lot. Also, so compared to my S4 which had an OLED screen reading in the dark is not as good. Black isn't black. It is one of the sharpest normal LED screens I've seen, but it can't compare to OLED. But usually pay twice what this phone costs to get OLED, so that's not really a fair comparison.
Really the biggest negative is the speaker. That seems like it could have been a lot better for not a lot of added cost. If you can put up with that, this a great phone. I don't regret buying it.

My Moto X Pure battery was dying, so I had the choice of replacing the battery (for me, that required a pro) for about $100 or buy the new X4 from Amazon for $279. I chose the latter and am glad I did. The phone does all the things that you would expect in a new phone running Android 8.0, has an amazing camera, and, most importantly, with fairly heavy use has amazing battery life. After overnight charge, I go to bed with at least 75% remaining on the charge...I have no doubt that it would go well into a second day. By the way, I appreciate having the Amazon Apps -- I'm a devoted Prime Customer and read my Kindle app books and listen to the Amazon Music App daily. The other Amazon apps are tucked quietly out of site and don't bother me. There are no opening ads or other intrusions into your life, and saving more than $100 by buying the Prime edition is a good deal.

First off I will say that you MUST update this phone to the latest patch level, which as of this post is March 2018, as previous versions have a bug where it simply will not connect to any data network. As of this review Android 8.1 is not available, and there is no information when or if that might happen. While the latest patch, as of this review, fixes the data connection issue, sometimes it will lose LTE and even 3G connectivity for no reason, which is fixed by simply turning mobile data off and back on, and hopefully will be remedied in the next patch.
Now that that's said, overall it's a decent mid range phone with a solid mid range Snapdragon SoC. It's not going to play heavy games or record 4k60 video, but it's not going to lag down in normal apps like your internet, media playback, or shopping apps. 32GB storage/3GB RAM is fairly standard fare for the mid-range market, but an upgrade to 4GB of RAM would have been nice. The camera is alright, it takes decent pictures, but the focusing is not laser assisted and is incredibly slow, so you can't take it out and snap a quick picture. It is water resistant rated, but that also means no user replaceable battery. The sound is surprisingly good from the single speaker, though it is nothing special.
It does do something a lot of good mid range phones like the Nokia 6.1 cannot do, and that's connect to Verizon's CDMA network, and this is especially important if you use Tracfone owned carrier (Tracfone, Net10, Straight Talk) as Verizon allows VoLTE service on their network whereas AT&T does not.
As for the user interface and general usability, I am not a fan of Motorola's launcher, but that's easily fixed as there are multiple free launchers on the Google Play store. The Contacts and Phone app are straight from Google, meaning they are lacking in terms of quality of life features such as being able to assign different notification sounds to different contacts. Increasing ringtone, the "feature" which starts your ringtone low and increases it, is hardcoded into the Motorola ROM and is unable to be disabled. The notification light found on many phones is also present on this phone, but is also hardcoded into the Motorola ROM to be disabled.
All in all it's a decent phone for the price, nothing overly special, but it's a third the price of a Galaxy and iPhone, it's tough to argue.

I moved to this phone from an iPhone 6S, and am not at all disappointed. The Moto X4 does everything I need from a phone and has a slightly bigger and sharper screen. The camera is quite adequate - I never intended to use it for artwork but, in any event, I don't notice the quality of the photos being any worse than the iPhone's. I don't know why there's so much whining about being unable to remove the Amazon ads: there's only a widget on one screen page. It's not at all a bother. There are some annoyances inherent in figuring out Android, but apart from those glitches, all my usual apps are working as expected.