Six of us (ages 27-60) stayed for a week in early June and had the best experience ever! Every single staff member, from housekeeping, to bars and restaurants, to entertainment, was so friendly and gave excellent service. We celebrated our daughter's birthday while we were there, and everyone went out of their way to make it the most special day for her. The resort was immaculately kept and shined like the sun everywhere you went. We were blessed with perfect weather every day and spent our days at the pool. Mirna greeted us every morning and covered all of our chairs with towels and a neck roll. We enjoyed the buffet for lunch each afternoon, and especially loved the grilled lobster or filet we could order with lunch! There was quiet music music at the pool most of the day, but activities at twelve and four kept the pool really fun, too! The activity staff was very outgoing and super nice, and made sure all of us were having fun day and night. Selin and her amazing staff were so fun and professional, and deserve so much credit for making the Grand the best place ever! The food was terrific, whether you went to the buffet morning, noon, or night, or the restaurants. Plentiful and delicious, especially the desserts, which is unusual for a resort in my experience. Don't miss the Mixology bar - great stop and a memorable experience! The drinks are creative, amazing and a sheer work of art! On our last day, we all tried to think of something that could have made the resort better - we could not think of one bad thing to say. Truly!!! Thank you Iberostar for another great vacation!!!

My wife and I have had the pleasure of going to this resort around 20 times. We have been there in every month and will never miss a chance to go back even if for just 3 nights. All of the negative comments about the current unfortunate issue regarding the sea grass are true, but that is the entire area. This did interfere with our beach walking and did limit somewhat the areas to enter the ocean. That being said the resorts has crews working the entire day while there is light to mitigate the issue.
We can not wait to go back in 4 weeks. The main pool is relaxing and large with a well staff and stocked bar (Alberto always has a smile). The restaurants are all wonderful. For breakfast there is a wide fresh assortment of the usual including fresh crepes, seafood, deli meats and fruits and smoothies that you should not be bored. The lunch options include the poolside grill with steaks, seafood, burgers, lamb and daily specials are manned by Octavio with a smile. The main lunch restaurant at the beach has a wonderful buffet assortment with menu options including Kobe burgers, fresh lobster and filets. The captains are not there just to watch but help the waiters and watch out for things to help. The dinners are varied from Steak (Toni's) with great surf and turf, and Northern Italian, and Hibachi , Gourmet and now Caribbean. I can not ignore that the nightly buffet is also diverse and wonderful,
The fire show for the entertainment should not be missed.
The pool entertainment with the water games break up the hot days. Sadin keeps things lively and when she remembers my wife and I from 2 months before, truly makes us feel like we are back home. Weather you do excusions or stay on property and go to the casino on property at night, you will be refreshed and relaxed when you leave.
As always, a big shout out to Philip the asst manager who goes out of his way to ensure that we have a great time.
Where else can you go where they go out of their way to remember what you want in the mini bar?

Our experience at the Grand was nothing short of amazing. We will be talking about our vacation for years to come.
The staff go above and beyond daily. They ask how you are doing, make you feel welcome, and make sure to include you in daily activities. My dad celebrated his birthday while at the resort and the staff remember left decorations in the room and celebrated him everywhere he went.
The wait staff recognize you by name and treat you like family. We visited most of the restaurants our favorites were the Japanese themed restaurant, surf and turf, and the breakfast buffet. You do have to make reservations but it’s a phone call away.
We stayed ocean front (7031) and the beach was seconds away from our room! The resort is clean and modern and each place is walking distance. The food taste great and was never disappointing. Each night the hotel has theme nights (Broadway, Rock and roll night, Noche Mexicana, fire, and circus themed) and highly recommend you attend. The theater is modern and for a moment you forget you are at the resort.
Yes the beach had sea grass deposits and I have to admit it was disappointing to watch but the hotel does their part to clean daily and make it accessible to guest. We spent our days mostly at the beach but the pool has daily activities and music. If you are looking for time to relax they have a quiet pool away from the noise.
Best time ever! Plan on going back! A few shout outs for the staff that made our time amazing: our concierge Fernando, wait staff Mario and Padilla, to Jorge and Oscar!

A big Thank You to Cecilia at the Grand Paraiso for making our trip Wonderful. As our Personal Concierge she went above and beyond to make sure that this Resort has moved to #1 on our list of Resorts (it was our 3rd visit to Mexico). All of the staff was extremely friendly and pleasant. From the time we arrived until the time we left, we never meet anyone that did not smile and speak to us. Also, the food was superb. Cannot say enough about this place, and we would highly recommend it to anyone traveling to Mexico.

We are here another week and cant wait to go to the la brisa beach bar again on Monday.
Such a nice guy who plays requests.The Grand Paraiso is just as we remember it 6years ago fantastic great place to be...
